and behold a man of God went from Judah
and behold a man of God went from Judah to Bethel by the word of the Lord and
to Bethel by the word of the Lord and
to Bethel by the word of the Lord and Jeroboam stood by the altar to burn
Jeroboam stood by the altar to burn
Jeroboam stood by the altar to burn incense then he cried out against the
incense then he cried out against the
incense then he cried out against the altar by the word of the Lord
altar by the word of the Lord
altar by the word of the Lord Oh alter alter thus says the Lord behold
Oh alter alter thus says the Lord behold
Oh alter alter thus says the Lord behold a child
a child
a child Josiah by name shall be born to the
Josiah by name shall be born to the
Josiah by name shall be born to the house of David and on you he shall
house of David and on you he shall
house of David and on you he shall sacrifice the priests of the high places
sacrifice the priests of the high places
sacrifice the priests of the high places who burn incense on you and men's bones
who burn incense on you and men's bones
who burn incense on you and men's bones shall be burned on you and he gave a
shall be burned on you and he gave a
shall be burned on you and he gave a sign the same day this is the sign which
sign the same day this is the sign which
sign the same day this is the sign which the Lord has spoken
the Lord has spoken
the Lord has spoken surely the altar shall split apart and
surely the altar shall split apart and
surely the altar shall split apart and the ashes on it shall be poured out so
the ashes on it shall be poured out so
the ashes on it shall be poured out so it came to pass when King Jeroboam heard
it came to pass when King Jeroboam heard
it came to pass when King Jeroboam heard the saying of the man of God who cried
the saying of the man of God who cried
the saying of the man of God who cried out against the altar in Bethel but he
out against the altar in Bethel but he
out against the altar in Bethel but he stretched out his hand from the altar
stretched out his hand from the altar
stretched out his hand from the altar arrest him in his head which he
arrest him in his head which he
arrest him in his head which he stretched out toward him with it so that
stretched out toward him with it so that
stretched out toward him with it so that he could not put it back to himself the
he could not put it back to himself the
he could not put it back to himself the altar also was split apart
altar also was split apart
altar also was split apart and ashes and ward out from the origin
and ashes and ward out from the origin
and ashes and ward out from the origin according to the sign which the man of
according to the sign which the man of
according to the sign which the man of God had given by the word of the Lord
God had given by the word of the Lord
God had given by the word of the Lord then the King answered and said to the
then the King answered and said to the
then the King answered and said to the man of God please entreat the favor of
man of God please entreat the favor of
man of God please entreat the favor of the Lord your God and pray for me that
the Lord your God and pray for me that
the Lord your God and pray for me that my hand may be restored to me so the man
my hand may be restored to me so the man
my hand may be restored to me so the man of God entreated the law and the Kings
of God entreated the law and the Kings
of God entreated the law and the Kings hand was restored and became as before
hand was restored and became as before
hand was restored and became as before then the king said to the man of God
then the king said to the man of God
then the king said to the man of God come on with me and refresh yourself and
come on with me and refresh yourself and
come on with me and refresh yourself and I will give you a reward if you were to
I will give you a reward if you were to
I will give you a reward if you were to give me half your house I would not go
give me half your house I would not go
give me half your house I would not go in with you nor would I eat bread nor
in with you nor would I eat bread nor
in with you nor would I eat bread nor drink water in this place for so it was
drink water in this place for so it was
drink water in this place for so it was commanded me by the word of the Lord
commanded me by the word of the Lord
commanded me by the word of the Lord saying you shall not eat bread nor drink
saying you shall not eat bread nor drink
saying you shall not eat bread nor drink water nor return by the same way you
water nor return by the same way you
water nor return by the same way you came so he went another way and did not
came so he went another way and did not
came so he went another way and did not return by the way he came to Bethel now
return by the way he came to Bethel now
return by the way he came to Bethel now an old prophet dwelt in Bethel and his
an old prophet dwelt in Bethel and his
an old prophet dwelt in Bethel and his sons came and told him all the works
sons came and told him all the works
sons came and told him all the works that the man of God had done that day in
that the man of God had done that day in
that the man of God had done that day in Bethel they also told their father the
Bethel they also told their father the
Bethel they also told their father the words which he had spoken to the king
words which he had spoken to the king
words which he had spoken to the king and their father said to them which way
and their father said to them which way
and their father said to them which way did he go for his sons had seen which
did he go for his sons had seen which
did he go for his sons had seen which way the man of God went who came from
way the man of God went who came from
way the man of God went who came from Judah then he said to his sons shuttle
Judah then he said to his sons shuttle
Judah then he said to his sons shuttle the donkey for me so they saddled the
the donkey for me so they saddled the
the donkey for me so they saddled the donkey for him and he rode on it and
donkey for him and he rode on it and
donkey for him and he rode on it and went after the man of God and found him
went after the man of God and found him
went after the man of God and found him sitting under an oak
sitting under an oak
sitting under an oak are you the man of God who came from
are you the man of God who came from
are you the man of God who came from Judah I am come home with me and eat
Judah I am come home with me and eat
Judah I am come home with me and eat bread I cannot return with you nor go in
bread I cannot return with you nor go in
bread I cannot return with you nor go in with you neither can I eat bread nor
with you neither can I eat bread nor
with you neither can I eat bread nor drink water with you in this place for I
drink water with you in this place for I
drink water with you in this place for I have been told by the word of the Lord
have been told by the word of the Lord
have been told by the word of the Lord you shall not eat bread nor drink water
you shall not eat bread nor drink water
you shall not eat bread nor drink water there now return by going the way you
there now return by going the way you
there now return by going the way you came I too am a prophet as you are and
came I too am a prophet as you are and
came I too am a prophet as you are and an angel spoke to me by the word of the
an angel spoke to me by the word of the
an angel spoke to me by the word of the Lord saying bring him back with you to
Lord saying bring him back with you to
Lord saying bring him back with you to your house that he may eat bread and
your house that he may eat bread and
your house that he may eat bread and drink water he was lying to him so he
drink water he was lying to him so he
drink water he was lying to him so he went back with him and ate bread in his
went back with him and ate bread in his
went back with him and ate bread in his house and drank water now it happened as
house and drank water now it happened as
house and drank water now it happened as they sat at the table that the word of
they sat at the table that the word of
they sat at the table that the word of the Lord came to the Prophet who had
the Lord came to the Prophet who had
the Lord came to the Prophet who had brought him back and he cried out to the
brought him back and he cried out to the
brought him back and he cried out to the man of God who came from Judah thus says
man of God who came from Judah thus says
man of God who came from Judah thus says the Lord because you have disobeyed the
the Lord because you have disobeyed the
the Lord because you have disobeyed the word of the Lord and have not kept the
word of the Lord and have not kept the
word of the Lord and have not kept the commandment which the Lord your God
commandment which the Lord your God
commandment which the Lord your God commanded you but you came back eat
commanded you but you came back eat
commanded you but you came back eat bread and drank water in the place of
bread and drank water in the place of
bread and drank water in the place of which the Lord said to you eat no bread
which the Lord said to you eat no bread
which the Lord said to you eat no bread and drink no water your corpse
and drink no water your corpse
and drink no water your corpse shall not come to the tomb of your
shall not come to the tomb of your
shall not come to the tomb of your father's so it was after he had eaten
father's so it was after he had eaten
father's so it was after he had eaten bread and after he had drunk that he
bread and after he had drunk that he
bread and after he had drunk that he saddled the donkey for him the prophet
saddled the donkey for him the prophet
saddled the donkey for him the prophet whom he had brought back when he was
whom he had brought back when he was
whom he had brought back when he was gone a lion met him on the road and
gone a lion met him on the road and
gone a lion met him on the road and killed
[Music]
[Music] and his corpse was thrown on the road
and his corpse was thrown on the road
and his corpse was thrown on the road and the donkey stood by it the lion also
and the donkey stood by it the lion also
and the donkey stood by it the lion also stood by the corpse and their men passed
stood by the corpse and their men passed
stood by the corpse and their men passed by and saw the corpse thrown on the road
by and saw the corpse thrown on the road
by and saw the corpse thrown on the road and the Lions standing by the corpse
and the Lions standing by the corpse
and the Lions standing by the corpse firmly went and told it in the city
firmly went and told it in the city
firmly went and told it in the city where the old prophet dwelt now when the
where the old prophet dwelt now when the
where the old prophet dwelt now when the prophet who had brought him back from
prophet who had brought him back from
prophet who had brought him back from the way heard it he said it is the man
the way heard it he said it is the man
the way heard it he said it is the man of God was disobedient to the word of
of God was disobedient to the word of
of God was disobedient to the word of the Lord therefore the Lord has
the Lord therefore the Lord has
the Lord therefore the Lord has delivered him to the lion which has torn
delivered him to the lion which has torn
delivered him to the lion which has torn him and killed him according to the word
him and killed him according to the word
him and killed him according to the word of the Lord which he spoke to him and he
of the Lord which he spoke to him and he
of the Lord which he spoke to him and he spoke to his sons saddled the donkey for
spoke to his sons saddled the donkey for
spoke to his sons saddled the donkey for me
me
me so they saddled it then he went and
so they saddled it then he went and
so they saddled it then he went and found his corpse thrown on the road and
found his corpse thrown on the road and
found his corpse thrown on the road and the donkey and the lion standing by the
the donkey and the lion standing by the
the donkey and the lion standing by the corpse the lion had not eaten the corpse
corpse the lion had not eaten the corpse
corpse the lion had not eaten the corpse nor torn the donkey and the Prophet took
nor torn the donkey and the Prophet took
nor torn the donkey and the Prophet took up the corpse of the man of God made it
up the corpse of the man of God made it
up the corpse of the man of God made it on the donkey and so the old prophet
on the donkey and so the old prophet
on the donkey and so the old prophet came to the city to mourn and to bury
came to the city to mourn and to bury
came to the city to mourn and to bury him then he laid the corpse in his own
him then he laid the corpse in his own
him then he laid the corpse in his own tool and they mourned over him alas my
tool and they mourned over him alas my
tool and they mourned over him alas my brother so it was after he had buried
brother so it was after he had buried
brother so it was after he had buried him that he spoke to his sons when I am
him that he spoke to his sons when I am
him that he spoke to his sons when I am dead then bury me in the tomb where the
dead then bury me in the tomb where the
dead then bury me in the tomb where the man of God is buried lay my bones beside
man of God is buried lay my bones beside
man of God is buried lay my bones beside his bones
his bones
his bones for the saying which he cried out by the
for the saying which he cried out by the
for the saying which he cried out by the word of the Lord against the altar in
word of the Lord against the altar in
word of the Lord against the altar in Bethel and against all the shrines in
Bethel and against all the shrines in
Bethel and against all the shrines in the high places which are in the cities
the high places which are in the cities
the high places which are in the cities of Samaria will surely come to pass
after this event
after this event Jeroboam did not turn from his evil way
Jeroboam did not turn from his evil way
Jeroboam did not turn from his evil way but again he made priests from every
but again he made priests from every
but again he made priests from every class of people for the high places
class of people for the high places
class of people for the high places whoever wished he consecrated him and he
whoever wished he consecrated him and he
whoever wished he consecrated him and he became one of the priests of the high
became one of the priests of the high
became one of the priests of the high places and this thing was the sin of the
places and this thing was the sin of the
places and this thing was the sin of the house of Jeroboam so as to exterminate
house of Jeroboam so as to exterminate
house of Jeroboam so as to exterminate and destroy it from the face of the
and destroy it from the face of the
and destroy it from the face of the earth